The story’s protagonist is the nicest person imaginable. The story’s narrator hates him with a seething passion. | humor narrator random
Time is directly proportional to temperature. Time moves slower where it’s cold. Time moves faster where it’s warm. | fantasy time temperature random
A device exists that allows law enforcement to see perfectly into your memory, but the law requires consent for it to be used. You are innocent of the accused crime but not innocent. | dystopia memory government crime random
A man tries to sell his soul Satan to get a women to love him back, but starts developing feelings for Satan in the process. | fantasy Satan soul devil hell temperature romance random
A guy sells his soul to the devil, but the guy is the best lawyer in the world and manages to turn the deal around. | fantasy Satan devil soul hell lawyer deals temperature random
You are a scientist who discovers that souls do exist. You also find out that humans are the only animals that do not have them. | fantasy soul scientist random animals 
You have the ability to travel through time and take “passengers” with you. You’ve made a business out of letting people talk with their deceased loved ones in their final moments. It’s a rather successful business, albeit the competition with your future and past selves is pretty stiff. | humor random death souls time time-travel
You are the greatest archeologist in the world and you have been looking for the City of Gold for decades, after all these years you have found the City. When you open the ancient gates you see glitters running towards you, the “gold” of the city has always been thousands of Golden Retrievers. | humor random explorer gold treasure dogs animals
Death spared your life and made you immortal. Over hundreds of years, you have become friends. He’s been very busy with work and you miss seeing your buddy. You spend centuries attempting to create world peace, stop war and cure diseases so you can spend some quality time with your only friend. | death friendship random immortality souls deals Reaper
You are an astronaut lost in space who gets rescued by friendly aliens who think you’re just the cutest lil thing in the whooole galaxy | humor funny space aliens astronaut random
The world goes through 2000 year natural cycles of magic and non-magic. The non-magical cycle is about to end any day now. | fantasy magic random
You take an experimental drug that let's you see into the future. What do you do? | fantasy future time time-travel random
When you die you are free to roam the cosmos and if you have been dead long enough, start to affect the tangible world. | fantasy death time souls magic haunting spooky random
Night owls only date other night owls. Early risers only date early risers. Over thousands of years speciation occurs among humans: one that lives by day and the other by night. | time night day random
You are immortal. The thousands of years you have lived were enjoyable, but now that Earth has been destroyed, you float in the cold expanse of space. Unable to die, you contemplate the eternal solitude ahead of you. | time death immortal fantasy magic random space
Four roommates are extraterrestrials who have taken human form in the hopes of learning about Earth’s culture. Unfortunately, each alien is from a different planet and believes the other three are normal humans. | aliens humor college rommates funny random space
You’ve just pulled into your driveway to see your child has accidentally summoned a demon using sidewalk chalk and playtoys. | demons magic souls children runes random supernatural
Alien invaders enter our Solar System. As the armies of the world panic or ready for war, the continent of Australia simply takes off on engines and flies off to meet them. | aliens space Australia humor funny random
Fictional characters suddenly gain rights, and police start arresting authors for all the abuses they’ve heaped upon them. | meta writing author characters random police funny humor
A boy in High School discovers he can create nations simply by vandalising his geography book | funny humor school students textbook random
Upon his deathbed, your father’s last words to you is the worst dad joke you’ve ever heard. | death jokes funny humor random
You find a vague app for your phone that, when you type in the name of a person, it reveals a single secret they hide. To your surprise, when you type in your own name there is a secret that you don’t even know of… | technology secrets random
Humans are among the most capable, influential, and fearsome civilizations in the known galaxy. They would command a great deal more respect if other races didn’t think they were absolutely adorable. | space aliens funny humor cute random
You feed on negative emotions like fear and guilt. But unlike horror movie monsters with similar MOs, those negative emotions go away when you eat them leaving your “victims” better off than they where before. | fantasy emotions feelings random
Start or end your story with “Time unravels, The End.” | word random time end dialogue
“As my story came to a close I realized that I was the villain all along.” | villain dialogue word random 
after dying god informs you that hell is a myth, and “everyone sins, its ok”. instead the dead are sorted into six “houses of heaven” based on the sins they chose. | sins death souls humor religion funny heaven random
In an effort to stop mankind from straying away from his faith, God has taken extra measures to make himself appear more “hip” and “with it” to the next generation. | god heaven religion souls humor funny generation hip cool random
Upon gaining control of a time machine you decide to use it to travel back in time and prevent the burning of The Library Of Alexandria. You succeed in your task, but only then do you realise why they really burned it down, and why it should have stayed that way. | history suspense library knowledge secrets time magic random past
You volunteered to test the first time machine, for the test you are sent 24 hours into the future. When you emerge from the machine you discover the lab trashed and empty with “Sorry” written on the wall in blood. | time death technology future suspense mystery random
In life, you were the greatest thief who ever lived. But, as tends to happen, now you’re the greatest thief who ever died. But, it was on purpose: you’ve set your sights on stealing something from Death itself. | death souls Reaper crime theft adventure random
Temples are built for gods. Knowing this a farmer builds a small temple to see what kind of god turns up. | religion temple gods farmer random humor funny
In an attempt to convince people society would have been better if humanity had never found religion, a time traveler kills anyone who begins to develop a form of faith. He goes back to the present and finds that people now universally worship a god who travels through time and smites heathens. | time magic religion past future random humor funny irony
When humans joined the galactic community, they brought wealth and information, but they also brought an unheard ideology called nationalism. This has caused complete chaos among alien species. | aliens space nationalism humans random technology humor funny
You have an uncle who no one in your family talks about and is always referred to as the Black Sheep of the family. Today you found out the reason. He turns into an actual sheep at every full moon. | sheep supernatural uncle family random
A serial killer who kills hitchhikers picks up a serial killer who kills the people who pick him up. | crime suspense humor funny random hitchiker irony
Many years ago, you sold your soul to a Demon. Rather than simply taking possession, he invested it, and has returned to share the profits. | demon soul humor funny supernatural random
An 13 year old angsty pre-teen is given an actual sword that gets stronger with every kill, the only problem is it’s at stage 0 and has the damaging power of a plastic spoon. | humor funny magic sword teen random irony
In a world where most children fear the monsters under their beds, you tame them | children monsters supernatural random
Your daughter has been playing with some imaginary “fairy friends” for a few weeks now. Unfortunately for you, they’re not imaginary and the Wild Hunt has just begun. | supernatural fairy fae children magic random
Humanity has developed a hypersensitivity to puns, experiencing physical pain when exposed to especially bad wordplays. As no physical damage happens, it is used to penalize petty criminals. This is your job. You are the Punisher. | humor crime punishment pun funny random
A genius detective who is able to thwart the worlds most intelligent criminals comes upon his hardest case yet: a complete moron. | crime irony funny humor detective random
You’ve gone your whole life blissfully ignorant to the fact you’re just a NPC in a video game. Today you cross paths with the main character. | videogame irony humor funny NPC character random
