The story’s protagonist is the nicest person imaginable. The story’s narrator hates him with a seething passion. | humor narrator random
Time is directly proportional to temperature. Time moves slower where it’s cold. Time moves faster where it’s warm. | fantasy time temperature random
A device exists that allows law enforcement to see perfectly into your memory, but the law requires consent for it to be used. You are innocent of the accused crime but not innocent. | dystopia memory government crime random
A man tries to sell his soul Satan to get a women to love him back, but starts developing feelings for Satan in the process. | fantasy Satan soul devil hell temperature romance random
A guy sells his soul to the devil, but the guy is the best lawyer in the world and manages to turn the deal around. | fantasy Satan devil soul hell lawyer deals temperature random
You are a scientist who discovers that souls do exist. You also find out that humans are the only animals that do not have them. | fantasy soul scientist random animals 
You have the ability to travel through time and take “passengers” with you. You’ve made a business out of letting people talk with their deceased loved ones in their final moments. It’s a rather successful business, albeit the competition with your future and past selves is pretty stiff. | humor random death souls time time-travel
You are the greatest archeologist in the world and you have been looking for the City of Gold for decades, after all these years you have found the City. When you open the ancient gates you see glitters running towards you, the “gold” of the city has always been thousands of Golden Retrievers. | humor random explorer gold treasure dogs animals
Death spared your life and made you immortal. Over hundreds of years, you have become friends. He’s been very busy with work and you miss seeing your buddy. You spend centuries attempting to create world peace, stop war and cure diseases so you can spend some quality time with your only friend. | death friendship random immortality souls deals Reaper
You are an astronaut lost in space who gets rescued by friendly aliens who think you’re just the cutest lil thing in the whooole galaxy | humor funny space aliens astronaut random
The world goes through 2000 year natural cycles of magic and non-magic. The non-magical cycle is about to end any day now. | fantasy magic random
You take an experimental drug that let's you see into the future. What do you do? | fantasy future time time-travel random
When you die you are free to roam the cosmos and if you have been dead long enough, start to affect the tangible world. | fantasy death time souls magic haunting spooky random
Night owls only date other night owls. Early risers only date early risers. Over thousands of years speciation occurs among humans: one that lives by day and the other by night. | time night day random
You are immortal. The thousands of years you have lived were enjoyable, but now that Earth has been destroyed, you float in the cold expanse of space. Unable to die, you contemplate the eternal solitude ahead of you. | time death immortal fantasy magic random space
Four roommates are extraterrestrials who have taken human form in the hopes of learning about Earth’s culture. Unfortunately, each alien is from a different planet and believes the other three are normal humans. | aliens humor college rommates funny random space
You’ve just pulled into your driveway to see your child has accidentally summoned a demon using sidewalk chalk and playtoys. | demons magic souls children runes random supernatural
Alien invaders enter our Solar System. As the armies of the world panic or ready for war, the continent of Australia simply takes off on engines and flies off to meet them. | aliens space Australia humor funny random
Fictional characters suddenly gain rights, and police start arresting authors for all the abuses they’ve heaped upon them. | meta writing author characters random police funny humor
A boy in High School discovers he can create nations simply by vandalising his geography book | funny humor school students textbook random
Upon his deathbed, your father’s last words to you is the worst dad joke you’ve ever heard. | death jokes funny humor random
You find a vague app for your phone that, when you type in the name of a person, it reveals a single secret they hide. To your surprise, when you type in your own name there is a secret that you don’t even know of… | technology secrets random
Humans are among the most capable, influential, and fearsome civilizations in the known galaxy. They would command a great deal more respect if other races didn’t think they were absolutely adorable. | space aliens funny humor cute random
You feed on negative emotions like fear and guilt. But unlike horror movie monsters with similar MOs, those negative emotions go away when you eat them leaving your “victims” better off than they where before. | fantasy emotions feelings random
Start or end your story with “Time unravels, The End.” | word random time end dialogue
“As my story came to a close I realized that I was the villain all along.” | villain dialogue word random 
after dying god informs you that hell is a myth, and “everyone sins, its ok”. instead the dead are sorted into six “houses of heaven” based on the sins they chose. | sins death souls humor religion funny heaven random
In an effort to stop mankind from straying away from his faith, God has taken extra measures to make himself appear more “hip” and “with it” to the next generation. | god heaven religion souls humor funny generation hip cool random
Upon gaining control of a time machine you decide to use it to travel back in time and prevent the burning of The Library Of Alexandria. You succeed in your task, but only then do you realise why they really burned it down, and why it should have stayed that way. | history suspense library knowledge secrets time magic random past
You volunteered to test the first time machine, for the test you are sent 24 hours into the future. When you emerge from the machine you discover the lab trashed and empty with “Sorry” written on the wall in blood. | time death technology future suspense mystery random
In life, you were the greatest thief who ever lived. But, as tends to happen, now you’re the greatest thief who ever died. But, it was on purpose: you’ve set your sights on stealing something from Death itself. | death souls Reaper crime theft adventure random
Temples are built for gods. Knowing this a farmer builds a small temple to see what kind of god turns up. | religion temple gods farmer random humor funny
In an attempt to convince people society would have been better if humanity had never found religion, a time traveler kills anyone who begins to develop a form of faith. He goes back to the present and finds that people now universally worship a god who travels through time and smites heathens. | time magic religion past future random humor funny irony
When humans joined the galactic community, they brought wealth and information, but they also brought an unheard ideology called nationalism. This has caused complete chaos among alien species. | aliens space nationalism humans random technology humor funny
You have an uncle who no one in your family talks about and is always referred to as the Black Sheep of the family. Today you found out the reason. He turns into an actual sheep at every full moon. | sheep supernatural uncle family random
A serial killer who kills hitchhikers picks up a serial killer who kills the people who pick him up. | crime suspense humor funny random hitchiker irony
Many years ago, you sold your soul to a Demon. Rather than simply taking possession, he invested it, and has returned to share the profits. | demon soul humor funny supernatural random
An 13 year old angsty pre-teen is given an actual sword that gets stronger with every kill, the only problem is it’s at stage 0 and has the damaging power of a plastic spoon. | humor funny magic sword teen random irony
In a world where most children fear the monsters under their beds, you tame them | children monsters supernatural random
Your daughter has been playing with some imaginary “fairy friends” for a few weeks now. Unfortunately for you, they’re not imaginary and the Wild Hunt has just begun. | supernatural fairy fae children magic random
Humanity has developed a hypersensitivity to puns, experiencing physical pain when exposed to especially bad wordplays. As no physical damage happens, it is used to penalize petty criminals. This is your job. You are the Punisher. | humor crime punishment pun funny random
A genius detective who is able to thwart the worlds most intelligent criminals comes upon his hardest case yet: a complete moron. | crime irony funny humor detective random
You’ve gone your whole life blissfully ignorant to the fact you’re just a NPC in a video game. Today you cross paths with the main character. | videogame irony humor funny NPC character random
You’re an otherworldly archeologist sent to Earth long after humans have disappeared. Your race isn’t even aware of their prior existence. While out in the middle of nowhere, you stumble upon a mountain with four faces carved into it. You and your team try to decipher what it could mean. | America funny irony humor time future species aliens death random supernatural
A loud boom and flash of light are being reported throughout Detroit. It is written off as a meteor, but you know the truth. Prisoner 626 has just landed on earth. | aliens funny humor suspense supernatural space meteor America random
Take any fictional character well known for being played by multiple British actors. (eg. James Bond, The Doctor, etc.) Now write this character as if he were played by Gordon Ramsay. | fanfiction Britain characters rewrite funny humor random
Two all-powerful gods suddenly appear and wage war against each other via a giant screaming match over the mountaintops. Only you can get them to shut up. | spirits gods supernatural humor funny quest random anipwrites
Something fell from the sky, but it wasn't snow. | suspense snow holidays pentavalence supernatural aliens random
"Chanukah? What's that?" | religion random dialogue words
Write a letter to a toy company about a defective toy you got. Don’t forget to tell the company what is wrong with the toy and what you want in return. | toys letter random pentavalence
"Santa?" The masked man slid from my chimney with a frown. "I'm not Santa," he said. | random crime Santa holiays Pentavalence dialogue words character
There's something on the roof. I don't think it's reindeer. | suspense reindeer holidays pentavalence crime supernaturalaliens random
Your family invites a guest to holiday dinner, but they're not what they seem. | suspense holidays pentavalence dinner family random supernatural crime aliens
In the distance, the sound of caroling could be heard. | caroling sing random pentavalence holidays
The gifts are moving. | random gift holidays pentavalence supernatural aliens
Your family can't choose a Christmas tree to buy. | Christmas holidays tree family random pentavalence
She smiled at the snowman. It smiled back. | random Pentavalence holidays snowman 
The  Elf on the shelf/mensch on a bench had a tape recorder inside of it. | spy crime random pentavalence elf holidays tape recorder suspense
A long-lost relative comes home for a holiday dinner. | family random pentavalence
"You lost the menorah?" | holidays religion random pentavalence menorah
Why does the hot chocolate taste so odd? | chocolate holidays drink beverage suspense random pentavalence
After playing in that strange snow, they were never warm again. | suspense supernatural snow temperature random pentavalence holidays
Snow angels can become guardian angels if you make them right | angels snow holidays religion god heaven spirit random pentavalence
An alien race descends from above to invade a primitive world. But each attack is rebuffed by a single warrior–a man wearing every magic artifact the kingdom could scrounge up. | magic artifact fantasy aliens warrior kingdom attack adventure random
Since you are the only known immortal, NASA has been using you during the last 3 decades to explore our solar system | aliens NASA space technology immortal magic government random
Once every 100 years by law all wizards MUST clean up their messy abodes. There’s no telling what forgotten and half-finished magical items they may rediscover, but all citizens fear this day and what it may bring. | magic wizards cleaning fantasy artifact time random
College students find a dead body by the river on a night out but when the police arrives the body is gone | katie-skylie random suspense crime police college students
Teenage girl moves to the countryside from big city and there’s something strange and magical inthe woods next to their new house | magic teen country woods forest moving suspense supernatural artifacts temples exploration random katie-skylie
A researcher finds the cure of cancer but the government wants to keep it sectet and they send assasins to kill him but one of the assasins allies with him... the hunt begins | assassins government science scientist character katie-skylie random
Its world war II ... in Aushwitz a german solider falls in live with a Jewish girl and plans to get her out of the camp | random germany war WWII WW2 holocaust romance katie-skylie
A researcher goes to Egypt to research about the pyramids but what she finds there is unbelievable. Is she really the reincarnation or everyone around her gone mad? | reincarnation death spirits supernatural exploration Egypt acheology character magic random katie-skylie
Every hundred years when a star dies, someone gets blessed by the Lunar Gods, this year, however who was choosen first became evil so the Lunar Gods decided to choose someone else to defeat the fallen Saint. | quest character villain gods sprits space magic adventure random katie-skylie
Light is the natural state of the universe. The Earth revolves around the Sun; an orb of black, emitting rays of darkness. | Earth space Sun irony random
You’ve been searching for your mother in law’s killer for 4 years. The only problem is you haven’t found anyone to do it yet. | crime murder assassin irony random
Pick a common date idea. Now make it angsty/edgy. | edgy angst random Jerdan1980
There is an island where all things lost end up, one way or another. One day, you wake up, cold and wet, on the beach of that island. | suspense mystery island lost random
After death but before afterlife, people are given as many chances to relive their life. Most relive it once just to fix some regrets. After 300+ attempts it becomes apparent that you are trying to ‘win’ life. | death spirit soul life random
To most of the galaxy “turning your body into a weapon” meant installing weapon/armour implants. That is, until someone lands on Earth and discovers Kung Fu. | irony random space aliens weapons
An advanced alien race has done extensive research and deems us an easy target. As soon as they invade, all earth governments simultaneously reveal all their secret weapons. | governments space aliens technology weapons random irony
You get achievements in life, such as “Get Married” or “Meet your future Wife”. Today you had your first baby, and you see an achievement pop up: “Meet the person who will eventually kill you” | suspense irony humor funny achievements children teen random
Human emotion can be bottled and sold on the black market. You are in desperate need of money and sell yours. It will take months to grow back, leaving you a lifeless shell. The next day you meet her. | emotions feelings black market fantasy romance irony random
Your superpower is completely normal and common, something hundreds of people have in varying ways. But yours is just a tiny bit different in a way that matters a whole lot. | fantasy magic powers supernatural random
A superhero in a skintight and revealing costume is facing off with a rather old fashioned and classy villain. The baddie in question is more bothered by the hero’s shameless clothing rather than the foiled plans. | villain hero powers irony humor funny magic random
In a world where people are born with incredible superpowers, you were born with an aura that makes you seem immeasurably powerful, though you have no other power to back it up. | random magic powers fantasy irony humor funny
A barbarian warlord, a goblin king, a mighty necromancer, and a dark elven high priestess meet for one reason… To play Suburbs and SUVs, the hottest mundane suburban family Tabletop RPG! | irony humor funny magic fantasy RPG game random
Every year, the richest person in America is declared the “Winner of Capitalism.” They get a badge. Then all of their wealth is donated to charity and they have to start over at $0. | random America capitalism irony funny humor
You are an anti-vigilante. When you feel a person was wrongly imprisoned you break them out of prison. | vigilante crime prison government police irony funny humor random
After thousands of years of space exploration, humanity has searched through the majority of the Milky Way. And they’ve discovered something scarier than alien life: the fact that there is none. | aliens technology space exploration suspense irony random
Write a story that starts at the end. As the story unfolds, it turns out the villain was the hero afterall | villain hero irony random
People like to look at cloud shapes to notice patterns, symbols and hidden meanings. You are a sentient, all-knowing cloud who goes around trying to help people. | random character sky clouds magic supernatural
You are the last human on earth, and quite blind without your glasses. One day they finally break. In this new unfocused world, it becomes apparent why you were the only one spared. | suspense supernatural magic glasses character immortality death spirits random
Your parents have kept it secret long enough; they can no longer stand your misery. They decide to change your life’s difficulty from “Expert” to “Novice”. | irony magic parents family humor funny random
“I’m the king of the world” they exclaimed triumphantly, before being abducted by aliens willing to negotiate a peace treaty with the self declared ruler of Earth. | character alien space government ruler king irony supernatural random
In a bar somewhere, an ageless, wise wizard and a highly advanced, immortal alien scientist are drunkenly arguing over which is better: magic or technology? | technology magic wizard alien immortality supernatural artifact character random
“I can’t remember the last time I took a shower” | dialogue random shower
A vampire decides to go vegan. Describe the elaborate methods he undertakes to fulfill this goal. | character vampire supernatural vegan irony random
The song that was meant to be played at their wedding was now played at her funeral. | irony wedding funeral death spirit song sing random
You find a genie with an… unconventional way of granting wishes. Instead of the usual “three wishes with these rules, pick whatever you want,” this genie provides you with a would-you-rather scenario - and you have to pick one. | irony genie supernatural magic character random humor funny djin
Disguises are your specialty. No one can catch you if they think you’re one of their own, after all. | disguise assassin skill suspense irony humor funny random
You’re teleported to 44 BCE Rome in your everyday street clothes. You’re brought before Caesar and he believes you might be from the future, hoping to bring him fortune. One day he questions you, asking “How Do I Die?”| irony funny humor time travel death Caesar Rome government ruler murder crime magic random dialogue character
As you sleep, you see progress bars of different skills that you built up during the day. You however, have a bar called “?” | leel videogame skills suspense magic random
One day while sitting in a DnD game with your buddies, one of the players summons a demon. And in a poof of flame and brimestone, a devil appears in the room with all of you–dice and character sheet already in hand. | demon devil satan RPG summon random humor funy supernatural suspense
Humanity starts to explore our solar system. As people land on planets presumably for the first time they find Australian flags already present on every single one. | australia random humor funny irony suspense magic aliens technology space
You’re a time traveler sent back to warn people about the future, but to avoid creating mass panic you must inform the public subtley. Recently you’ve finished your magnum opus: The Simpsons | Simpsons time travel humor funny random irony 
From birth everyone is given a mission statement to live by for the rest of their existence, like “put others before yourself” or “show kindness to all”. You have “Live Fast Eat Ass” | funny irony humor random
The protagonist wakes up and has a normal day. The narrator gets suspicious. | character narrator irony humor funny suspense random
You are an NPC who has fallen in love with the player character. Sadly for you, you are unable to say more than a few pre-programmed words to them. | funny irony romance humor NPC videogame character hero random
“It’s always death and destruction to you humans, isn’t it?” sighed the demon. “Can’t I be summoned for a spot of tea? Or maybe some fish and chips?” | character random funny irony humor demon spirit magic summon Britain
The year is 5064, Earth Years. After being abandoned due to an inhospitable environment, you are among one of the first humans sent back to the planet to regain the knowledge lost in our hasty retreat. Unknown to you, yourlanding spot was once known as the most haunted place on Earth. | ghosts spirits irony death time future random character Earth
A dystopian government oppresses its people by silencing the voice in their heads at birth, so everyone must LITERALLY think out loud. After a horrific motor vehicle accident and months in a coma, you wake to find that you are now the only individual whose thoughts are private. | random dystopia government control oppression revolution character thoughts ideas privacy irony
Turns out, all the superstitious people were right, having your picture taken does steal a part of your soul. But now that you’re dead, you find yourself able to move between any picture you’ve ever been in. | irony supernatural souls death magic artifact picture photo random
As a higher reaper, you ferry the souls of the great artists from this life to the next. You grant them one final gift during their journey by showing them the future, and allowing them to experience a modern day art exhibition/concert which honors their genius. | Reaper death artist spirit ghost random
In a huge world, three continents, three nations exist. One is a flourishing kingdom with full of magic and diversity, one is a republic with marvelous technology, and one is a dystopian dictatorship with an army you don’t want to mess with. | fantasy government army magic diversity dystopia oppression technology random
“You don’t understand!” She laughed. The little girl, dressed in rags and bare feet, danced through the streets. “I’m the richest person alive.” | random dialogue character irony supernatural suspense funny humor
God gave humanity Earth and filled it with marvels and wonders of many kinds. This was not done as a gift, but a distraction. To distract them from exploring the stars, and to protect them from the horrors that lurked out in the dark. | space aliens God religion Earth supernatural suspense stars random
You’re the grim reaper, and must arrange people’s deaths. You’re always given a few starting items, such as a car or a knife, but one day you’re given a humpback whale. | Reaper death funny irony humor whale
“Humans are average in everything basically and you are saying that we shouldn’t invade them. You are kidding, right?” The alien king looked at the prophet. “They might not have shown anything special thus far, until you decide to go and wage war.” | aliens humor irony funny space technology humans Earth random
Humans have begun mutating at an alarmingly swift pace. Some humans consider the mutation to be an evolutionary advantage they have been blessed with, while most humans are purely disgusted by the changes they cannot understand. | mutation humans earth magic technology fantasy random
One year ago a perfect rectangle opened in the sky in every city all over the world with a timer counting down from 364 days, 23 hours and 59 minutes. Today the counter runs out. | magic suspense time city quest death humor irony funny random
When you physically touch someone’s heart, they come back to life. You tried to become the world’s most renowned cardiac surgeon, but never had the grades for it. Instead, you have to make due with your current job… | random irony funny humor magic supernatural 
You are a small time drug dealer trying to make it big. Whilst digging to hide a large stash in your back yard, you find a nuclear bomb. You don’t want to tell anyone because then you risk blowing your cover, so you decide to get rid of the bomb yourself. | irony bomb nuclear drugs funny humor suspense character
You can “save” and “reload” your life whenever you want, just like in a video game, but can only store two saves. You save at the wrong time by mistake, and your perfect life starts to unravel | videogame random irony suspense humor funny magic manipulation save
Dogs have always acted violent around you but cats love to be in your presence. Today, you find out why. | supernatural suspense random funny humor dogs cats animals spirit gods
You recently joined a dating app where spies meet other spies. Your first date is about to start. | spy assassin random romance date irony humor funny
A story told from the POV of a protagonist and an antagonist, then it’s revealed to be the same person at different points in time. | hero villain random irony suspense magic powers supernatural
Science not only proves the concept of a single soul mate for everyone, it also discovers a test for each match. Society begins to fall apart as huge numbers of people realise they aren’t with their perfect partner and begin to leave their jobs, homes and marriages in search of their other half. | soulmate romance society irony humor funny suspense random
On everyone’s 18th birthday they receive a letter from their future selves. Some receive long messages about their future lovers or messages about changes they would have made. Yours contains nothing but a small list of locations and the words, “NEVER VISIT”. | random humorous irony funny time magic suspense future letter
“We can accept god becoming man to save man, but not man becoming god to save himself” | dialogue character random spirit god religion irony 
The power to the entire country has gone out. The streets are filled with crime and violence. A small ragtag group of D&D players decide to assume their characters to put an end to the madness. | RPG random irony humor funny crime government chaos character
You’re a zombie, minding your own business - shambling with your bros, moaning at girl zombies, looking for eats - when your city is afflicted with a terrifying outbreak of the living - they’re smarter, faster and kill from a distance as if by magic… | irony character supernatural humans death romance random
The Queen has requested that everybody with a knighthood attend a meeting at Windsor Castle. Speaking to the sizeable crowd of ageing actors and retired musicians, she explains why - The dragons are back, and she expects that every knight will do his duty. | artists musicians actors dragons supernatural demons spirits magic artifacts knights queen government irony humor funny random
You are at a New Years party. At midnight, a mysterious stranger kisses you. They whisper in your ear, “Let’s try this again” then disappear. You look at the date; it’s January 1st, 2017. | suspense mystery random magic time technology artifact holidays 
A super hero fights evil by wiping memories of both the villian and everyone who knew of them so that they can be reintroduced into society safely. Today, as you were combing through old newspapers, you discover that you were once the world’s most powerful supervillain. | random hero villain powers memories thoughts irony suspense humor funny 
Instead of cats or dogs, dragons are now the most popular form of house pet. You have just obtained an egg from a roadside dealer. | dragons random magic artifact egg irony animals pets society
“It sucks, being the only one to show up at your own funeral!” | funeral magic death irony humor funny suspense random dialogue character
You were born with the ability to know how many people will die each day. Most days the number is in the hundreds of thousands, today the number is 1. | random magic skill ability death irony humor funny suspense
Humanity reached the stars long ago. They find a planet with evidence of civilization. Unfortunately, it would appear this planet is in the middle of their Zombie Apocalypse. | aliens funny irony zombies supernatural humor space exploration
A teenager discovers they're part of a long line of people with telekinesis. Which is great and all, except telekinetic are feared and prosecuted in their society. | persecution oppression powers telekinesis magic suspense adventure government society irony random anipwrites
Take three of your favorite characters from anything ever and have them meet up. | anipwrites random character fanfiction crossover humor irony funny suspense adventure quest
A group of friends is having a sleepover. It all goes well, until one of them wakes up from a horrible nightmare. | suspense nightmare friends teens children random sleepover anipwrites
The main character is sent on a quest after all signs point towards their best friend getting kidnapped by the Fae. | anipwrites fae fairy magic supernatural suspense kidnap friends character quest random
The main character finds an abandoned book in a trash pile and takes it home to read, only to realize the book's main character is trying to force them out of their own body. | anipwrites magic suspense supernatural demon book possession character
In a magical school of kids learning to use their powers, food fights are against the rules for a VERY good reason | anipwrites magic powers fantasy school children teens food fight funny humor random
The Nightmare Before Christmas, except Jack Skellington falls into not-Christmas land. | anipwrites funny humor fanfiction character edgy skeleton
A child/teen gets lost in the woods and winds up finding a witch's cabin. | witch supernatural magic child teen suspense woods forest artifact anipwrites
The circus is back in town! Too bad the circus is actually a trap created by a witch/wizard who devours the souls of youths to stay young and powerful.| witch magic supernatural chold teen circus anipwrites
When you die, you appear in a cinema with a number of other people who look like you. You find out that they are your previous reincarnations, and soon you all begin watching your next life on the big screen. | death soul reincarnation movies random
You’re a regular office worker born with the ability to “see” how dangerous a person is with a number scale of 1-10 above their heads. A toddler would be a 1, while a skilled soldier with a firearm may score a 7. Today, you notice the reserved new guy at the office measures a 10.| random powers danger death scale
Bob is a guy. He does stuff. | humor random superloach
